How to test pull requests documentation (#92)
SuperDARN/pydarn: docs/dev/testing.md

> # Testing Pull Requests 

Reviewer: General comment:
I quite often use 
```
pip install git+https://github.com/superdarn/pydarn@<branchname>
```
to install pyDARN straight from the branch in a venv, which might be a good shortcut and doesn't involve too much git?

> One way to help pyDARN get developed faster and smoothly is by testing [Pull Requests](https://github.com/SuperDARN/pydarn/pulls). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One way to help pyDARN get developed faster and smoother is by testing [Pull Requests](https://github.com/SuperDARN/pydarn/pulls). 
```

> Sometimes this can take fifteen minutes to do which helps the developer merge their code in 
> and allowing you on the author list. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can take fifteen minutes or less to do, helps the developer merge their code,
and allows you to be on the author list!
```

Every contribution helps! 

## Setting up the testing environment

> 1. clone the [pyDARN repository](https://github.com/SuperDARN/pydarn.git)
>   `git clone https://github.com/SuperDARN/pydarn.git`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Clone the [pyDARN repository](https://github.com/SuperDARN/pydarn.git) by typing 
  `git clone https://github.com/SuperDARN/pydarn.git`
  into the terminal or command line.
```

2. Then checkout the branch you need to test or test against. The author of the Pull Request should give you some information on how to test the code and if you need to checkout other branches to compare results. To checkout a branch you want to test use this git commands:
    ```bash
    git fetch 
    git checkout <branch name>
    git pull origin <branch name>
    ```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These lines *fetch* metadata on any new branches made, *checkout* the right branch you want to test and then *pull* changes to that branch so you're not behind any new changes made.
```

Or maybe we can have a link to a how to git good?

Reviewer: IMO I think most people will be turned off by not knowing git rather than python.

    !!! Note 
        if you are unaware what the branch name is at the top of the page below the Pull Request title and number shows the branch name and which branch it will be merged into. 

> 3. From here you just need to install the code run the normal installation steps in a python environment (this ensures it doesn't mix with your current pyDARN version)

Reviewer: Add a link to a how to python venv? I don't really know a good one, but I usually go to the pyDARN docs when I forget :P

    ```bash
    python3 -m virtual <environment name>
    source <environment name>/bin/activate
    ```
    
    !!! Note

>         To install python's virtual environment library `https://github.com/SuperDARN/pydarn.git`

Reviewer: Is this unfinished?

# Testing Pull Requests 

One way to help pyDARN get developed faster and smoother is by testing [Pull Requests](https://github.com/SuperDARN/pydarn/pulls). 
This can take fifteen minutes or less to do, helps the developer merge their code,
and allows you to be on the author list!

Every contribution helps! 

## Setting up the testing environment

> If you haven't cloned pyDARN before this will get you the correct branch installed to just test:
> `pip install git+https://github.com/superdarn/pydarn@<branchname>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you haven't cloned pyDARN before this will get you the correct branch installed to just test:
`pip install git+https://github.com/superdarn/pydarn@<branchname>`
Make sure to install any new instances of pyDARN, or branches that are not master in a virtual environment to avoid mixing pyDARN versions! 
```

    ```bash
    git fetch 
    git checkout <branch name>
    git pull origin <branch name>
    ```
These lines *fetch* metadata on any new branches made, *checkout* the right branch you want to test and then *pull* changes to that branch so you're not behind any new changes made.
    !!! Note 
        if you are unaware what the branch name is at the top of the page below the Pull Request title and number shows the branch name and which branch it will be merged into. 

3. From here you just need to install the code run the normal installation steps in a python environment (this ensures it doesn't mix with your current pyDARN version)
    ```bash
    python3 -m virtual <environment name>
    source <environment name>/bin/activate
    ```
    for more information on [python virtual environment](https://docs.python.org/3.6/tutorial/venv.html) or to use conda with pyDARN see the [installation documentation](../user/install.md)

> 4. Next install the branch you are testing: `cd cloned/pydarn/` and `pip3 install . --user`

Reviewer: I wasn't quite sure what cd cloned/pydarn was but could do 'Move to the pydarn directory' instead?
Sorry missed this before

Author: ``` suggestion
4. Next install the branch you are testing by moving to the pyDARN directory you just cloned and running `pip3 install . --user`
```

    ```bash
    git fetch 
    git checkout <branch name>
    git pull origin <branch name>
    ```
These lines *fetch* metadata on any new branches made, *checkout* the right branch you want to test and then *pull* changes to that branch so you're not behind any new changes made.
    !!! Note 
        if you are unaware what the branch name is at the top of the page below the Pull Request title and number shows the branch name and which branch it will be merged into. 

3. From here you just need to install the code run the normal installation steps in a python environment (this ensures it doesn't mix with your current pyDARN version)
    ```bash
    python3 -m virtual <environment name>
    source <environment name>/bin/activate
    ```
    for more information on [python virtual environment](https://docs.python.org/3.6/tutorial/venv.html) or to use conda with pyDARN see the [installation documentation](../user/install.md)

4. Next install the branch you are testing by moving to the pyDARN directory you just cloned and running `pip3 install . --user`
5. Once this is complete follow any test cases the documentation and Pull Request the author describes. 

> Report anything in the Pull Request comments about how you tested the code, what your output is, and any feedback, or information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Report anything in the Pull Request comments about how you tested the code, what your output is, and any feedback, or information.
Note: To suggest changes to and/or comment on certain sections of code, navigate to the Files Changed tab where it is possible to select multiple lines of code by clicking and dragging the '+' symbol next to line of code.
```
